A few veterans please haha
There is no need to be too polite about your friendship with me.
In the future, the old man will be reliable after a hundred years
I still rely on a few husbands, hahaha.
The old duke should be unfairly ill
Take care of me more in the future.
Yeah, your boy's performance these days
Even if it is the old man's Lutheran Sutra
Ah, the memories of merchants.
Huang Chong's memories?
Is it still the memory of corrupt officials?
Hahahaha
Where did this corrupt official's living hell come from?
Early morning
His Majesty announced that he would use disaster food for the audience
He also said to add some sand to the grain
Baiguan exploded directly
King Rong Qin was the first to stand up
Accuse His Majesty of mistreating the people
It's the act of a fool
Then the 13 imperial historians cooked in indignation
He even stated on the spot that if His Majesty insists on going his own way
He was killed in the palace of money
Not this majesty
So confused
Haha confused
It's not just you who think so
I thought so too
But what happened next
It just stunned all of us
His Majesty said to help Liangchen mix the sand
It cannot be sold at a high price in the circulation market
Corrupt officials will not eat the skin mixed with sand
Corrupt officials along the way
We wouldn't have risked beheading them.
Go greedy for the grain of good disaster
So
The people affected by the disaster have more hope for life
As soon as this flower comes out
I was shocked.
The 13 royal historians with names for women
And Prince Rong Xu Equal?
Lie is all green, that is called a wonderful
This is an underground strategy
What does it have to do with sheep?
But the whole court knew it
His Majesty left your grandson alone yesterday afternoon
Wait until the whole big front can be poisoned
Journalists Except for the Lambs of the High House
Who else?
The old duke this morning
This son made the Dragon Prince eat force
In his character
Will definitely attack the prince of the empire
More needed.
Be careful, old man
After talking for so long
I haven't met your stubborn grandson yet
Call him out
Let the old man take a good look
Yeah, not bad.
The old man should also ask carefully
Ok ok
Go back and train my children and grandchildren who don't teach
Hahaha go
Welcome two children
Drink tea drink tea
Bah
Wife, you are not authentic
That mansion made a terrible poison oath
Please ask me to wait for tea like this.
Hurry up and take out the good tea in the mansion
Nice brown
Selling good tea?
Take it easy, old generals
Quanzi went to Linjiang City a few days ago
Due to the decrease in food prices
So the local county magistrate Du Jiang
I specially sent a box of good tea leaves.
It has not been opened yet.
Let's taste it with the old generals today
Come
Bring the tea from the bottom of the cabinet in the room